(Times Herald Z1-1 7/31/1969)
Dear Editor
I am the killer of the 2 teenagers last Christmass at Lake Herman and the Girl last 4th of July. To prove this I shall state some facts which only I and the police know
Christmass
1 Brand name of ammo Super X
2 10 shots fired
3 Boy was on back feet to car
4 Girl was lying on right side feet to west
4th of July
1 Girl was wearing patterned pants
2 Boy was also shot in the knee
3 Brand name of ammo was Western
Here is a cipher or that is part of one. the other 2 parts have been mailed to the S.F. Examiner and the S.F. Chronicle I want you to print this cipher on your front page by Fry Afternoon Aug 1-69, If you don't do this I will go on a kill rampage Fry night that will last the whole weekend. I will cruise around and pick off all stray people or couples that are alone then move on to kill some more until I have killed over a dozen people.

(Chronicle Z1-2 7/31/1969)
Dear Editor
This is the murderer of the 2 teenagers last Christmass at Lake Herman and the girl on the 4th of July near the golf course in Vallejo To prove I killed them I shall state some facts which only I and the police know.
Christmass
1 Brand name of ammo Super X
2 10 shots were fired
3 the boy was on his back with his feet to the car
4 the girl was on her right side feet to the west
4th July
1 girl was wearing patterned slacks
2 The boy was also shot in the knee.
3 Brand name of ammo was western
Over
Here is part of a cipher the other 2 parts of this cipher are being mailed to the editors at the Vallejo times and SF Examiner. I want you to print this cipher on the front page of your paper. In this cipher is my identity.
If you do not print this cipher by the afternoon of Fry. 1st of Aug 69, I will go on a kill ram-Page Fry. night. I will cruse around all weekend killing lone people in the night then move on to kill again, until I end up with a dozen people over the weekend.

(Examiner Z1-3 7/31/1969)
Dear Editor
I am the killer of the 2 teenagers last christmass at Lake Herman and the girl last 4th of July. To prove this I shall state some facts which only I and the police know.
Christmass
1 brand name of ammo = Super X
2 10 shots fired
3 Boy was on his back with feet to car
4 Girl was lying on right side feet to west
4th of July
1 girl was wearing patterned pants
2 boy was also shot in the knee
3 ammo was made by Western
Here is a cipher or that is part of one. The other 2 parts are being mailed to the Vallejo Times and S.F. Chronicle
I want you to print this cipher on the front page by Fry afternoon Aug 1-69. If you do not print this cipher, I will go on a kill rampage Fry night. This will last the whole weekend, I will cruse around killing people who are alone at night until Sun Night or until I kill a dozen people.

(C408 7/31/1969)
I LIKE KILLING PEOPLE BECAUSE IT IS SO MUCH FUN IT IS MORE FUN THAN KILLING WILD GAME IN THE FORREST BECAUSE MAN IS THE MOST DANGEROUS ANIMAL OF ALL TO KILL SOMETHING GIVES ME THE MOST THRILLING EXPERIENCE IT IS EVEN BETTER THAN GETTING YOUR ROCKS OFF WITH A GIRL THE BEST PART OF IT IS THAT WHEN I DIE I WILL BE REBORN IN PARADICE AND ALL THE I HAVE KILLED WILL BECOME MY SLAVES I WILL NOT GIVE YOU MY NAME BECAUSE YOU WILL TRY TO SLOW DOWN OR STOP MY COLLECTING OF SLAVES FOR MY AFTERLIFE

(Debut Z2 8/4/1969)
Dear Editor
This is the Zodiac speaking. In answer to your asking for more details about the good times I have had in Vallejo, I shall be very happy to supply even more material. By the way, are the police having a good time with the code? If not, tell them to cheer up; when they do crack it they will have me.
On the 4th of July:
I did not open the car door. The window was rolled down all ready. The boy was originally sitting in the front seat when I began firing. When I fired the first shot at his head, he leaped backwards at the same time thus spoiling my aim. He ended up on the back seat then the floor in back thoshing out very violently with his legs; thats how I shot him in the knee. I did not leave the scene of the killing with squealing tires and racing engine as described in the Vallejo paper. I drove away quite slowly so as not to draw attention to my car.
The man who told the police that my car was brown was a negro about 40-45 rather shabbily dressed. I was at this phone booth having some fun with the Vallejo cops when he was walking by. When I hung up the phone the dam X @ thing began to ring and that drew his attention to me and my car.
Last Christmass
In that episode the police were wondering as to how I could shoot and hit my victims in the dark. They did not openly state this, but implied this by saying it was a well lit night and I could see the silhouettes on the horizon. Bullshit that area is surrounded by high hills and trees. What I did was tape a small pencil flashlight to the barrel of my gun. If you notice, in the center of the beam of light if you aim it at a wall or ceiling you will see a black or dark spot in the center of the circle of light approx 3 to 6 in. across. When taped to a gun barrel, the bullet will strike exactly in the center of the black dot in the light. All I had to do with spray them as if it was a water hose; there was no need to use the gun sights. I was not happy to see that I did not get front page coverage.
NO ADDRESS

(Stine Z3 10/13/1969)
This is the Zodiac speaking. I am the murderer of the taxi driver over by Washington St and Maple St last night, to prove this here is a blood stained piece of his shirt. I am the same man who did in the people in the north bay area.
The S.F. Police could have caught me last night if they had searched the park properly instead of holding road races with their motorcycles seeing who could make the most noise. The car drivers should have just parked their cars and sat there quietly waiting for me to come out of cover.
School children make nice targets, I think I shall wipe out a school bus some morning. just pick off the kiddies as they come bouncing out.

(Dripping Pen Card Z4 11/8/1969)
This is the Zodiac speaking
I thought you would need a good laugh before you hear the bad news you won't get the news for a while yet PS could you print this new cipher in your front page? I get awfully lonely when I am ignored, so lonely I could do my Thing!!!!!!
Des July Aug Sept Oct = 7

(C340 11/8/1969)
I HOPE YOU ARE HAVING LOTS OF FUN IN TRYING TO CATCH ME THAT WASN'T ME ON THE TV SHOW WHICH BRINGS UP A POINT ABOUT ME I AM NOT AFRAID OF THE GAS CHAMBER BECAUSE IT WILL SEND ME TO PARADICE ALL THE SOONER BECAUSE I NOW HAVE ENOUGH SLAVES TO WORK FOR ME WHERE EVERYONE ELSE HAS NOTHING WHEN THEY REACH PARADICE SO THEY ARE AFRAID OF DEATH I AM NOT AFRAID BECAUSE I KNOW THAT MY NEW LIFE WILL BE AN EASY ONE IN PARADICE LIFE IS DEATH

(Bus bomb Z5 11/9/1969)
This is the Zodiac speaking up to the end of Oct I have killed 7 people. I have grown rather angry with the police for their telling lies about me. So I shall change the way the collecting of slaves. I shall no longer announce to anyone. when I commit my murders, they shall look like routine robberies, killings of anger, and a few fake accidents, etc.
The police shall never catch me, because I have been too clever for them.
1 I look like the description passed out only when I do my thing, the rest of the time I look entirely different. I shall not tell you what my disguise consists of when I kill
2 As of yet I have left no fingerprints behind me contrary to what the police say in my killings I wear transparent fingertip guards. All it is is 2 coats of airplane cement coated on my fingertips - quite unnoticeable and very effective.
3 of my killing tools have been bought en thorough the mail order and outfits before the ban went into effect. except one and it was bought out of the state.
So as you can see the police don't have much to work on. If you wonder why I was wiping the cab down I was leaving fake clews for the police to run all over town with, as one might say, I gave the cops some busy work to do to keep them happy. I enjoy needling the blue pigs. Hey blue pig I was in the park - you were using fire trucks to mask the sound of your cruising prowl cars. The dogs never came within 2 blocks of me and they were to the west and there was only 2 groups of barking about 10 min apart then the motorcycles went by about 150 ft away going from south to north west
Must print in paper
ps. 2 cops pulled a goof about 3 min after I left the cab. I was walking down the hill to the park when this cop car pulled up and one of them called me over and asked if I saw anyone acting suspicious or strange in the last 5 to 10 min and I said yes there was this man who was running by waving a gun and the cops peeled rubber and went around the corner as I directed them and I disappeared into the park a block and a half away never to be seen again.
Hey pig doesn't it rile you up to have your nose rubbed in your booboos?
If you cops think I'm going to take on a bus the way I stated I was, you deserve to have holes in your heads. Take one bag of ammonium nitrate fertilizer and 1 gal of stove oil and dump a few bags of gravel on top and then set the shit off and will positively ventilate anything that should be in the way of the Blast.
The death machine is all ready made. I would have sent you pictures but you would be nasty enough to trace them back to developer and then to me, so I shall describe my masterpiece to you. The nice part of it is all the parts can be bought on the open market with no questions asked.
1 bat. pow clock - will run for approx 1 year
1 photoelectric switch
2 copper leaf springs
2 6V car bat
1 flashlight bulb and reflector
1 mirror
2 18” cardboard tubes black with shoe polish inside and out
Mirror
bus
Bombs (1 bag each)
6V Bat
6V Bat.
bus goes bang car pass es by ok.
To prove that I am the Zodiac, Ask the Vallejo cop about my electric gun sight which I used to start my collecting of slaves.
the system checks out from one end to the other in my tests. What you do not know is whether the death machine is at the sight or whether it is being stored in my basement for future use. I think you do not have the manpower to stop this one by continually searching the roadsides looking for this thing and it won't do to reroute and reschedule the busses because the bomb can be adapted to new conditions.
Have fun!! By the way it could be rather messy if you try to bluff me.
PS. Be sure to print the part I marked out on page 3 or I shall do my thing

(Belli Z6 12/20/1969)
Mery Xmass and New Year
Dear Melvin
This is the Zodiac speaking I wish you a happy Christmass. The one thing I ask of you is this, please help me. I cannot reach out for help because of this thing in me won't let me. I am finding it extremely difficult to hold it in check I am afraid I will lose control again and take my ninth and possibly tenth victim. Please help me I am drowning. At the moment the children are safe from the bomb because it is so massive to dig in and the trigger mech requires much work to get it adjusted just right. But if I hold back too long from no nine I will lose all control of myself and set the bomb up. Please help me I can not remain in control for much longer.

(My name is Z7 4/20/1970)
This is the Zodiac Speaking By the way have you cracked the last cipher I sent you?
I am mildly curious as to how much money you have on my head now. I hope you do not think that I was the one who wiped out that blue meanie with a bomb at the cop station. Even though I talked about killing school children with one. It just wouldn't doo to move in on someone else's territory. But there is more glory in killing a cop than a cid because a cop can shoot back. I have killed ten people to date. It would have been a lot more except that my bus bomb was a dud. I was swamped out by the rain we had a while back.
The new bomb is set up like this
Sunlight in early morning
Bus Sun String of Bombs Timer Car Bat
A and B are photoelectric switches when sunbeam is broken A closes circuit B opens which makes B the cloudy day disconnect so the bomb won't go off by accid.
PS I hope you have fun trying to figure out who I killed

(Dragon Card Z8 4/28/1970)
I hope you enjoy yourselves when I have my Blast. P.S. on back
If you don't want me to have this blast you must do two things. 1 Tell everyone about the bus bomb with all the details. 2 I would like to see some nice Zodiac buttons wandering about town. Everyone else has these buttons like ☮, black power, melvin eats blubber, etc. Well it would cheer me up considerably if I saw a lot of people wearing my button. Please no nasty ones like melvin's
Thank you

(Button Z9 6/26/1970)
This is the Zodiac speaking
I have become very upset with the people of San Fran Bay Area. They have not complied with my wishes for them to wear some nice ⌖ buttons. I promised to punish them if they did not comply, by annihilating a full School Buss. But now school is out for the summer, so I punished them in another way. I shot a man sitting in a parked car with a .38.
⌖ -12 SFPD - 0
The Map coupled with this code will tell you where the bomb is set. You have until next Fall to dig it up.

(Kathleen Z10 7/24/1970)
This is the Zodiac speaking
I am rather unhappy because you people will not wear some nice ⌖ buttons. So I now have a little list, starting with the woman and her baby that I gave a rather interesting ride for a couple hours one evening a few months back that ended in my burning her car where I found them.

(Little List Z11 7/26/1970)
This is the Zodiac speaking
Being that you will not wear some nice ⌖ buttons, how about wearing some nasty ⌖ buttons. Or any type of ⌖ buttons that you can think up. If you do not wear any type of ⌖ buttons I shall ( on top of everything else) torture all 13 of my slaves that I have waiting for me in Paradice. Some I shall tie over ant hills and watch them scream and twitch and squirm. Others shall have pine splinters driven under their nails and then burned.  Others shall be placed in cages and fed salt beef until they are gorged. then I shall listen to their pleas for water and I shall laugh at them. Others will hang by their thumbs and burn in the sun then I will rub them down with deep heat to warm them up. Others I shall skin them alive and let them run around screaming. And all billiard players I shall have them play in a darkened danger all with crooked cues and Twisted Shoes. Yes I shall have great fun inflicting the most delicious of pain to my Slaves.
PS. The Mt. Diablo Code concerns Radians and #inches along the radians

(Halloween Card Z12 10/27/1970)
By FiRE By GUN By KNiFE By ROPE
PARADiCE SLAVES
sorry no cipher sorry no cipher
4-teen

(LA Times Z13 3/13/1971)
This is the Zodiac speaking
Like I have always said I am crack proof. If the Blue Meanies are ever going to catch me they had best get off their fat asses and do something. Because the longer they fiddle and fart around, the more slaves I will collect for my afterlife. I do have to give them credit for stumbling across my riverside activity, but they are only finding the easy ones, there are a hell of a lot more down there. The reason that I'm writing to the Times is this, They don't bury me on the back pages like some of the others.
